So it's logistics. You mentioned who's doing it
for whom. United Kingdom has put in an ultra
addition to their telescope. So you have to match
the height of the existing. And we have to supply
shock drawings. And I have to do the. How long have
you been in that? About a year and a half. Is that
what you've been in? No, no. I've done similar type
work. But this particular job, I've been in
estimating, and I've been in materials, and I've
been in handling lumber yards for a large show.
Should I say that? Well, I think this, I just was
trying to elaborate a bit on this project for the
United Kingdom. You can kind of see the irony. Yes.
I was
a low bidder. It's a competitive bid. It's not that
we go out... I wish you wouldn't. I'm trying to get
you off the subject. This is the way I do it usually.
Is it a high security area? No, that one particular
job wasn't. Have you ever been involved in a high
security
job?
My temperature right now, you probably can't see
it, but it's probably went up 20 degrees since you
introduced the subject. of security.
Would it make you feel better if we don't talk about
it? Although I wonder what it is that... Well,
because it's a potential dangerous situation.
Not with us. No, no. But I don't know. But my
temperature goes up and I do not really want it want
to be involved with any military thing that
involves security and have to get involved with
that kind of stuff. I just freak out. Is it the fear
that somebody would ask you to go for a security
clearance? Security clearance, that's one of
them. Probably the most important. Have you ever
turned down a job because it was a security job? For
just that reason.
Big jobs, a lot of jobs. And did you ever know why it
was that these jobs were turned down?
About why you turned down this job? Sure.
Are
you sick? .
.
. . .
. And most of the jobs he had during those years in
Hawaii were for military projects. And he had to go
through those centers day after day after day. And
we're inside military installation. And then,
you know, frivolous things, like we belong to
tennis teams. And I don't know these
temperatures. And so we sign up for ratings, and we
go in, and we pass through this. And I think I've
indicated, I don't know. She prefers to get into an
argument with the sentries. You know how I like
that. Oh, in
anguish. In anguish.
Because
the whole island is full of military bases. And I
just,
I think that's enough of it. It's like going down
the street to me that I never could figure why going
through this scene. You know, answering in a
backwards direction what happened is often hard.
Do you think that is because of your status You
know, I really...
There's something about the military. There has
to be a military. I'm not anti-military or
anything like that. crazy about going off to any
far away place. And I don't like anybody shooting
at me, particularly. And I don't think anybody
does. But in this case, it's strictly a security
question. And it made you physically ill.
You felt the hot breath of the authorities on your
neck, that kind of thing.
It's more animalistic than that. Yeah, it's just
like you just don't walk into anybody's guns, so to
speak. Just a hand on the shoulder kind of thing.
Yeah, because I'm not looking forward to the
actual physical handling. because I've been free
too long to be tapped on the shoulder, told to go
into this room and sit for three hours. I don't even
like to sit in my doctor's office for one hour until
he decides to see me. Let alone, so I'm not looking
forward to this, you know, like in Hawaii they had,
they were saying the illegal aliens, they were
caught on the big island. They were, they might
have to spend time in jail because the judge
doesn't come from San Francisco every day. So, you
see, you can get your handcuffs on, whatever they
do nowadays, you know. So, you know, that kind of
stuff. You know, like any free man, and that's the
way I've always looked at myself, as a free man. And
anything that endangers my freedom, I've looked
at it that way. Not from any other viewpoint. Just
my freedom. I want to go home. I want to do this. I
want to go... And I don't want anybody to interfere
with it. And I have done it now for almost 40 years. I
was able to do it. And I think it... And I would... I
don't forgive myself if I do anything stupid to
stop it.
All this other stuff, it's the freedom part. I
don't like to be handled by anybody. Even my bosses
on jobs, if they ask me too much, I just tell them,
lay off. If they think they know everything, I just
tell them, I don't like to be asked that. So it's
gotten to be a freedom thing with me. I'm not fond of
thinking some guy from the FBI is going to lead me
down the hall and shove me into a car.
It has to be him. I pushed it back for 40 years. If I
had made my million, they would have never done it.
We wouldn't have to worry about social security or
her security. We wouldn't have to worry about
anything. I would have just said, shut up.
A lot of people are less concerned about that much
freedom. I don't think anybody wants to be locked
up. But a lot of people, if they know it's
temporary, aren't bothered by the thought. I'm
curious if you can think of anything that makes you
like that. Can you think back on your experiences
with that? Yes. Yes. Yeah, I think, right off, I
think you kind of lead me into it. I, my father gave
me a motorcycle. And I was able to go anywhere
within 50 miles, anytime. And I, so I, I did a lot of
traveling around my chalets and breakfast right
there. Plus, my father was, I had all the free pass
to go anywhere in Germany on the railroad, which I
took advantage of in the summertime. I traveled
all over. I've been to almost every place in
Germany. So I've always been a traveler and was
able to go anywhere. And it's a thing with me. I
know. I told several bosses, you know, they asked
me, you know, what is it, you know, anybody, what do
you like? Leave me alone. Don't ask me. Tell me what
you want done and let me do it. Now one company,
there are not very many companies that like to do
that because they want it totally controlled. I
feel it's important that they control everything
you do. But what comes to mind was this job, this big
job with Morrison Canoes. We built maybe 3,000
some odd residences for the military inside a
crater in Hawaii. And I was in charge of all the
lumber. And at the end of the job, they wanted a
recap of the lumber. And it had to be done in board
feet. Everything
has to be converted from meters into inches to
boards. It's very difficult. So I got a hold of the
formula to see how to do it. But it wasn't very fast.
So I simply told them. The office was in a long
trailer. two traders and
uh doors leading to your office and i said i'll tell
you what i can do this job i can recap this number if i
don't take any phone calls if i close my door and do
the job and i said fine this is the way morrison
canoeson operates great company they give you a
job They ask you, do you need any help? Yes or no? And
then you're responsible. You're the king for the
job, and that's it. And it's your rear end if it's
wrong.
And it had five million board feet in that truck.
And I turned my report in, and the guy that reviewed
it said, You were often very close. They offered me
a job in Saudi Arabia, which I couldn't take.
That's right. And I wondered why you didn't want to
get a job, 3,000 a month. It's like it
would
have taken a capsule. Honey, can you come back a
little bit? Why maybe something in your past may
have
influences how you feel about freedom. I remember
you telling me some things about how you felt when
you were lying down with your leg up in the air. Very
much. Way earlier. Not being able to move, you
appreciate. Yes. And prior to that when you had
diphtheria. Diphtheria and quarantine. So I
think if you hold somebody down, for any length of
time. I think his desire, he gets more motivated, I
think. I remember one day, that one time my leg was
up in a cast, you know, couldn't move. And the nurse
came in and At 4 o'clock, she came in with a morphium
to kill the pain. And she saw me in it, because I
started to smile, and my eyes would light up. So
they cut me off. As soon as they found out that I was
looking forward to the morphium, they cut me off. I
could hear her footsteps go down the hall, and
that's probably where the morphium is. I'm going
to get out there and get it. if I had been able to I
don't know I'm sure I would have tried it they cut
you off cold turkey like that they better put you in
traction when they do that I understand you're
doing that for fear of addiction but it's
interesting because it also the message they're
giving you is if you let us know how you feel and what
you want we're going to take it away from you quite
true that's a good point And I'm sometimes very
careful to let people know what I want. You're
correct, and that's very canny. Because...
That's why she's a great psychologist. Yes. She
does this... Sometimes I do hide that, or I just
don't, you know, make it important because I know
time and time again they screw you up, you know. If
you look like you want it too much. Yeah, yeah. So I
just... And I'd just go get it when I had my own time.
Yes. Yeah, she picked up. I don't know where she got
that. Oh. That was a cool one. I never even
thought of that. Did they ever do a security check
on you? No? I think so. How did you ever get out of it?
Did you have to do high security work? Nobody ever
stopped you? They weren't in those days. I had an
argument once with the Marine Guard, and I was
quite aggressive too, bluffing my way out of it.
Oh, you had to turn in your car license and your
driver's license. In other words, if you did
something, they would get a hold of you, that type
of thing. But it wasn't prior. You hadn't done
anything, so they were probably not
investigating you. They had all the information
on you. to get you if they needed you. I think this
brings up a kind of an interesting turn of events.
We talked about that in the meeting yard. That was
probably what we were thinking about. Yeah. Going
over the Skopje every day. Over the pass. Koli Koli
Pass. You know the famous Koli Koli Pass where the
Japanese flew in? Oh, is that right? I drove over
that every day. Gorgeous pass. It's the most
beautiful trip. The Marines are really tough. And
depending on which marine was on, sending them to
the beach every day, would either hold you up and
send you all the way, halfway around the island,
back up the other side, or let you through. And most
every day, he got through. And you asked how he
managed to handle some of those things. And it
occurs
to me that this sort of is where I came into some of
these scenes that he did. And my role was kind of set
in a way by things he didn't handle for himself. I
remember that particular thing with that Marine
guard. She came home and told me about it. I picked
him up, and I called the Marine commandant and
said, how come my husband got hassled on that pass?
And he would stand way back and let me do those
things, which over the years, that type of
behavior between the two of us. Ultimately, it
caused a lot of confusion. Because I knew him as a
very aggressive, capable kind of person, and yet
how come I have to call up the Marine Commandant to
get you through the gate? This sort of thing. But we
never talked about it. I don't ever as that came out
last night that I do not feel, I don't ever want to,
did not want to try to put anything over on these
people. I feel very strongly about that. It isn't
anything that I wanted to do. And why in the hell I
fell into these jobs, I don't know. It's the only
job that was available at the time. It always came
about through referrals of sorts. It was so
flattering, you couldn't turn it down. You could
not. It was not only the only one, but you were
introduced. Like this one of at Schofield, I had a
reputation now for running these lumber yards,
you see, because these are huge projects. And in no
time at all, things get screwed up. So I was getting
the reputation of straightening out these
screwed up lumber yards. So then it's hard to pass
up a recommendation like that. I mean, what would I
say? You're caught between being complimented
and being concerned about going back into the
military. I became known as the one that just
called Dennis. They begged me to come to work. And
since there were several of them in a row, big jobs.
gross $10, $20 million jobs that they were, you
see. And they went kind of bang, bang, bang. I was
probably employed for five or six years in these
jobs, you see. Anything, any particular
interesting ones where security was so tough and
still nothing happened? No. Never not. It's all
new construction, and you've got maybe 500
carpenters running around, running around. I
mean, a tremendous job. There would be no, you
couldn't get any work done. And some of them were
prison, they were jailbirds. Oh, I could tell you a
story, the framing contractor, that he was an
ex-con. And let me change the subject for a second.
OK. Let me think.
Do you ever vote in Hawaii? No, please. No, you
don't vote? No. OK. You can vote anywhere. This is
another real confusion. That's another thing.
Why don't you vote? Let's get this guy out of
office, or let's get this guy into office. Mind
you, I don't vote many times. But I sit back and say,
well, I
I tuned it all out, and I won't listen to it for 25
years, because it's always the same old crap. But
he was very politically astute,
and he could never erase it. I certainly don't ever
want to, you know, I wouldn't want ever to be
presented that I was trying to put, you know, be
smart-ass or something like that, because it just
happened I fell into these jobs, and good-paying
jobs, and really interesting jobs. I mean, you
talk about action and, you know, doing something
worthwhile, you get, you know, you're going into a
crater. Well, how many people get a chance to go
into a crater, an extinct crater, and build 3,000
homes? You know, I mean, the The very idea is worth
the risk. I'm talking about the fun of doing the
job. To hell with that other part. I'm not
interested in that other part. I don't want them
ever to look bad. So please, whatever we do, let's
not make them look bad.
Well, that's a summer. I don't know. I don't know.
It sounds like you really do enjoy the kind of work
you've been doing. It's high pressure, but you
really enjoy it. You had said yesterday that
originally you wanted to be an architect, so you
had signed that space. Well, every father wants
his son to be an architect. Well, of course, this is
still in the building era. You've got an
incredibly related job. Have you ever regretted
not being an architect, or are you just as happy
that you want to sign? Less and less. I was talking
to my wife all the time, Jane, Because I deal not
with them. I talk to them almost daily. I go to their
offices. I make submittals. We discuss problems.
They approve my shop drawings, or they
disapprove, and they make . I have a drawing desk,
and it's this high with plans, plans everywhere.
They all smell of ammonia. And you start leaving a
brand new plan, this is maybe this thick of a big
building, and you work on it for two hours. The
ammonia get into your breath and into your hands,
and you cut your finger on the paper. I mean, if you
had to do this, if this is all you had to do, which is
what practically an architect has to do, he is over
those plans for two years. It takes him two to three
years to... to make this stack of plans and write
the specs. So I know it's a very, I have more respect
for it the longer I'm in it. And anybody that wants
to do it and take that responsibility and the
changes and the knowledge that it takes. 50,000
products and they're, you know, They have all my
admiration and respect. I couldn't have done it
because as a young man, I used to know a young man
that I played tennis with. Good tennis player. And
we saw less and less of him. And one day I met him
downtown in San Francisco in a financial
district. And I said, where have you been? I
haven't seen you. And he says, oh, the studies is,
you know, I'm getting close to the finals and all
that, to be an architect. I just can't. He was white
in the face, you know, hadn't
seen the sun for, I don't know how long. I said, no,
not at that time, you know. No, there's so many
related jobs in the building that, building
business. But I know it's a great, I met some of the
greatest architects. I met Ron, Ronstead, Joe
Ronstead. It's spelled J-O. It's a good Swedish
type name. And it's one of the emails. beautiful
skyscrapers in Hollywood, most elegant
buildings, and have lunch with them. We talked
about, I was in marketing for Morris and Knudsen.
They didn't want to let me go, so they put me into,
didn't know what to do. They said, get us another
job, Dennis, so we don't have to leave the islands.
I know nothing about marketing. I had to write
reports to Boise, Idaho every week to the vice
presidency. So I pounded the pavement around and
lo and behold I ran into a lead and we got on the
select list of three contractors bidding and boom
we got the job. Five million dollars building
resort villas on Otter Island. You know, so I did my
job. That's brilliant. Hitting a bull's eye. And
the Vice President said, well, and then as he came
signing, the first three parts were pretty bad.
Chicken scratches. But they got better. Every
time you send one in, they got better. You got the
hang of it. It's part of your statement yesterday
about always being a quick learner. It isn't just
in the athletics. Yeah. Well, when her took me on,
we knew Is Herb Klein? No, Herb Lipkin, the one that
gave me that first job in the building business.
When was that? Must have been in 52, 53. We
can probably get some of the things on there. Is he
on there, Lipkin? So 52, we can, he took you out of 52
in the building trade business. And he's really
the first person that
gave you a... Got you out of the kitchen. Got me out
of the dishwashing and the fruit picking and that
kind of stuff, the odd jobs. And there was also a
brand new product that was called pre-hung doors.
Up to that point, the carpenter would hang each
door by hand, inches and... Curl the holes and
everything. It took him maybe a day, day and a half,
a door or something like that. How did you meet him?
Well, through Georgette. His girlfriend had
taken lessons from me. Oh, I see. And she must have
said something good about me. Well, sure. He saw
me. I played tennis against him. one day in
Berkeley and he asked me what I was going to do the
following year. He says, I'm going into a brand new
business and I might have a job for you as a
salesman. Come and see me when you come back from
the ski season. He figured his timetable was going
to be about that. His father had gone broke in the
glass business. He had bid a job, one of those big
track jobs, near Sausalito in that area, in fact,
north of Gold Gate Bridge, and somehow
miscalculated the glass or the breakage or
something and lost its shirt. So rather than
filing bankruptcy, they decided to go into
another line of work, still called himself
Broadway Glass, but he opened up another company
called Allied Building Supply. And that's what I
started with him. And after about three days of
briefing what that was, he sent me out on a job. You
know, you know as much as I do, so go on out and start
selling. So I went out. The first guy, I remember,
was a carpenter. He was hanging a door. and he had
saw horses and he had his door on there in some old
suite or something. And it was a complete bust.
Then of course I thought about it, this is the wrong
guy to sell. You don't sell the guy that, I'm going
to practically replace his job with a pre-hung
door. So then I, you know, went to the contractor or
somebody else that doesn't hang the Torah. I mean,
it seemed, at first, a logical place to start, but
it wasn't. I'm calling you from Macy's about
gimbals. Yeah, right. Do you ever, have you ever
found yourself doing volunteer work? Red Cross or
Boy Scouts? Yeah, we did. In fact, we had pictures,
remember, in Athens? I did for charity. Junior
Davis Cup. Junior Davis Cup team I had. Oh, that's
nice. I have pictures made of big macho. With Mark
or something? Yeah, Mark was one of the, I had five
or six volunteer guys. Most of my students are,
they got scholarships. One girl got on the Olympic
team skiing. Is that right? And several guys went
to Dartmouth for the skiing. Well, that speaks
well for you. So you never got into the Rotarians or
the Lions or the... I had a million chances. I got
invited to join the Elks and everything. You
couldn't figure out how to understand why. The
Elks have the most beautiful place in Honolulu.
The best piece of... And the guy who wants to get me
in there is the guy from the OSS. He says, I can get
you in. Why would you not want to? Well, you do have
to. They do run a security check on you. You think
so? You told me. Oh.
You know, in six months, how many things you're
going to be able to do? You're going to be able to
join things. You're going to be able to vote. Well,
the only thing I couldn't do was I knew I couldn't
become president, so I'd given up on that. Well,
you might be able to pull it off. I wouldn't want it
if I did. Is that running? Is that
running? Yes.
I was watching Candy. I thought she was just taking
notes. I didn't know he had flipped the switch. Oh,
yes, he did way back. So it's been on for most of the
time. My hands keep running out of ink. We're
concerned about you. We're so full from oysters.
Beautiful oysters. They're very sweet. Yes. And
the Hawaiian oysters are really good, but a little
different flavor and much larger and much
tougher. Yes. They haven't had Hawaiian oysters,
but I do know they're very good here. When we made
the choice, I'm kind of curious when it comes to
shellfish or seafood,
and I don't like a lot of sausages. So I chose the
brush shak. Well,
they almost
tucked us out of it then at the desk. We asked for
directions, you know, downstairs. two people,
one in the elevators. Oh, no, you don't want to go to
Galveston. There's too much traffic unless it is
time of day. You've got to go at 9 o'clock in the
morning. And they were wrong. They were wrong. It
was the breeze. Because we just breezed through.
The traffic was all coming in. They were probably
thinking middle of the summer. They forgot this is
February. And then when we started on the way back,
the traffic was going in the opposite direction.
So we were really lucked out as far as... Amen.
Everything was fine until I turned off the freeway
and had to look for a safe place. I'm so sorry. It
never occurred to me about getting you back again.
Well, the Safe Restore at home in the islands has
everything. Everything. Everything. Well, it's
the hub of the Pacific Basin. It has stuff from all
over the world. You can go into their deli section.
You really can come up with some kind of fun things
to serve. And they have a whole liquor department.
Yeah. So not only did they not have the liquor
department, but they don't have the mix. They have
only their own in Kragmont or whatever, whatever
it is. They didn't even stock any Schweppes. No,
I'm thinking. Some tonic in it would be nice. The
Schweppes tonic. Were you ever church-going
folks? No, we're not really. Mm-hmm. By choice or
just by circumstance or it doesn't make any
difference.
Oh, is that right? Old Baptist revivals. This
is the neighborhood for it. Oh, Sunday morning.
There's
a little story that might shed some light on me.
Usually, I have to get a job. And I can't apply at IBM
and work my way up to vice president. So you have to
be creative. Because I can't tell Gene. So after
the kids graduated, everybody was out of high
school in Palo Alto, Mark and Cheryl. So that left
us. And Jean wanted to get out as close to the ocean.
She's got this thing about the ocean.
That's her freedom. That's her freedom. Yeah, she
had her thing. We're soulmates. She didn't know
it, you see, that I have my problem. And she was
always saying, you're so understanding about
mine, you see. Well, she was understanding about
mine, you see. So I gave her hers. And so she said,
let's get out of Palo Alto and get to the ocean
somehow. So she found this cute little house in Rio
Del Mar, comes home one day and found it. Okay, we
moved to Rio Del Mar. Gorgeous area, lovely area,
near Santa Cruz. But what do I do? Unemployed? Jean
had a job, she would, she commuted back, but it was,
you know, we needed income and I couldn't very well
just stay home. So, I looked in the Yellow Pages,
under tennis clubs, and there were two. And one was
called, uh, neighbors swimming tennis club. And
they said, yeah, we might need a part-time girl.
Come on up. So, Mr. and Mrs. Beaver
got the job, providing I
play a match to show whether I can play with the
outgoing part-time tennis pro.
Okay, so we set up the match. Now, I had not played
tennis in 10 years. In Palo Alto, we played golf. It
was too cold to play tennis. Not in 10 years. So I
hustled up some tennis shorts, or they were
actually walking shorts, white walking shorts. I
know they're called for tight end binding. And a
tennis racket, and showed up for my match. with
this guy, Dewey Rayburn, who became one of my best
friends, who was about my age, and worked for the
telephone company, part-time. He loved tennis,
just talking about tennis.
So we started our match, and somehow Cheryl, our
daughter, drifted by, came by and watched the
match for some reason. It was a grueling match. I
won in five sets. Should have had a heart attack,
you know. I get very red in the face, but
fortunately it's not the heart. It's something
else that, probably from one of my other ailments,
some heat stroke I had when I was young. My cooling
system is not the world's greatest, but my heart is
good. But anyway, I won in five sets. And Cheryl
came to me later and said, Dennis, I can see You had
to win this match. How you did it, I don't know. I
could see you were actually not, you were in
terrible shape. Let's face it, I was overweight,
probably 20 pounds, had not played. And I just made
this up. I had to make this up. There had to be
somewhere in my memory, 10 years ago, I knew how to
hit a forehand and a backhand and a serve. I knew it.
I had done it. So I recalled it. I insisted on it. the
will yeah yeah about when when was this you think
let's put this in perspective and cheryl could
probably tell the story better than i can 1971 yeah
yeah she always told me she told me 1970. cheryl
calls you dennis
that's
nice it's very informal yeah They're both your
natural children, but not your natural children.
How old were they
when you got together? Cheryl was 16. And Mark was
16. Mark was 13. Let's see if the speaking up is far
away.
So it was a closeness that came from that, when she
told me that. I could see we became closer. And yet I
never knew that happened. Didn't you? No. I
thought you knew that story. Was there a lot of
strife? I find that very nearing. Was there ever
difficulty with Cheryl and Mark? Is there a third
child, or is there just Cheryl? No. I see. I see. And
both were your children, Jane, when you came into
the marriage? Well, there's very different
children. Cheryl was the one who said, when I
announced that Dennis and I were leaving to go get
married, she said, well, that's all. I'm just
going to kill myself. She's going to kill herself?
She did tell me, while you're gone, I'm going to
kill myself. Why do you think she said that? I don't
know. She's a very, well, you used the word, Candy,
sensory person. Didn't you? I never heard of it. I
may have. I don't. I forget what I say. What was
those two? You said sensory, and what was the other
one? Oh, when I was talking about sensitizers and
repressors. Sensitizer. She's a sensitizer.
Yes. She worries about everything that could
happen. Exactly. You know, talking about
sensitizers and repressors. Yes. Cheryl and Mark
and I have been threesome for quite a few years. And
actually someone very kind of different, as it
turns out. They didn't know how. No, they knew.
Children are much more intuitive about things
like that. So they don't block out a lot
of information that they're getting. How long
have you lived by yourself with just the two kids?
Divorced in 1958. You were divorced in 1958?
Yes, yes.
They grew very attached
to their mother, for sure. Did you move around
during those two, during that time? Did you? which
is true, we did move around a lot, but I've always
been very anchored to a job of some kind. So
movement had a lot to do with jobs. Like 10 years in
one job, I may have moved 10 times to different
houses or different areas and drove 85 miles to get
whatever. She was one of the first ones to get an
executive position with an insurance company.
Man, that's enormous. On the first training
program. No, we're not going to talk about that.
All right. I want to go back to one thing that I think
is said, which I find endearing, that when I was,
something about your understanding of my
fugitive kinds of behavior. And one of the things
that has kept us together through some of the most
difficult times, and we have a song that we like. It
was my song that I heard first, and then he
finalizes. Setting Fancy Free, a Western song.
Setting Fancy Free. He always did give me that kind
of freedom. Which you needed. And we kind of gave
each other an anchor. When I'm swinging way out
there, he's and anger for me. Vice versa. But we
didn't know when we were doing it. Can I tell the
story about the honeymoon? I don't know. Would you
like to leave the room for a minute? Would I like to
leave both? I don't know where we're at in your
order of... Priorities? Priorities. The
honeymoon, you said. Yeah, OK. We'd gotten
married, because it's such a good story, because
it has to do with the anxiety, my anxiety. Well,
that's all right. Wait a minute. You don't have to
leave, because you may need to correct the truth.
My anxiety and my security, and my security, and my
worry about security. Yes. OK. Great wedding. Let
me back up one step. You met at a Singles YMCA dance.
Yes, yes. What attracted you to her in the first
place? Red hair? Her red hair and her red skirt and
the way we danced. You know, like, wow.
And this was in 19 what, 60? 64. 64.
Oh, okay. 64 and about, yeah, I remember I just got
back, I had gone on... two weeks a year or whatever
it is. I went to Palm Springs. It had to be around
Easter. I got back. It was about three or four weeks
later. It must have been about May of 64. May of 64.
What city was this in? Palo Alto, California.
Well, you were in Palo Alto. Went to a YMCA singles
dance.
Did you go often to the singles dances? Yes. There
was often, not every dance, but I tried to get out
because I do tend to sometimes become a recluse. I
would get my world schmertz.
But I made myself go to these things.
It wasn't easy because, like I say, You cannot turn
on your natural charm. You cannot, hey, you know,
talk about your school days and just kind of have a
fun old time, you know. So what do you talk about?
It's not easy. Because you're concerned that...
Your love life as a fugitive is extremely
difficult. Yes, I would imagine.
But this one, you know, seemed to...